That's a hard question because I like where I am. And the way that I got
here was by making all the decisions that I made. Um, I don't know
if I would do anything differently. Um, if there are things that you
know like, So for instance, I could say, Well, if I was going to
do it differently, I would not have done the master's program. I would
have just gone right into a PhD program, but I don't know if that
would have worked out the same way, because I don't know if I was ready
for a PhD program at the time when I was doing my master's work,
I think that I needed Thio mature a little bit. I needed to be a little
bit more solid in terms of you know, what, I wanted to dio um,
so there's really not a lot that I would look back on and say, like,
I honestly cannot point to a single example that I would say, Yeah,
I would totally do that over again. Oh, maybe one. I would turn in
my homework in my linguistics class my freshman year so that I wouldn't
have failed it and had to take it again. I would do that differently,
but that's about it.